README.md, before:

# Python-FastAPI-CRUD

## Sobre o desenvolvimento

Contribuidores:

- [Enricco Gemha](https://github.com/g3mha)
- [Antônio Amaral](AntonioAEMartins)

*Este é um projeto desenvolvido durante o ministério da disciplina de Megadados no Instituto de Ensino e Pesquisa (Insper).*

## Objetivo

O objetivo do projeto é desenvolver um microsserviço de controle de membros e planos de uma academia. 

Para isso, criou-se uma API RESTful que permita o gerenciamento do cadastro de membros e planos da academia, seguindo o modelo CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete). A API oferece as seguintes funcionalidades:

- O usuário pode gerenciar o cadastro de membros, incluindo a criação, leitura, atualização e exclusão de informações de membros.
- O usuário pode gerenciar o cadastro de planos, incluindo a criação, leitura, atualização e exclusão de informações de planos.

## Ferramentas utilizadas

A API utiliza o framework FastAPI do Python.

Para integrá-la a um banco de dados, foi utilizado o SQLAlchemy, que é um ORM (Object Relational Mapper) para Python. O SQLAlchemy permite que o usuário escreva código Python para manipular um banco de dados, sem precisar escrever SQL diretamente. Escolheu-se o PostgresSQL como banco de dados para o projeto.

## Vídeo demonstração das funcionalidades do projeto

[Link: https://youtu.be/gqzUmahmUUI](https://youtu.be/gqzUmahmUUI)

## Diagrama de Entidade-Relacionamento

![Diagrama ER](diagrama_ER.png)

Commit message:

Update README files to include Portuguese version

README.md, after:

# Python-FastAPI-CRUD

🇧🇷 Version in Portuguese: [click here](./README-pt_BR.md)

## About the Development

Contributors:

- [Enricco Gemha](https://github.com/G3mha)
- [Antônio Amaral](https://github.com/AntonioAEMartins)

Project developed for the **Big Data** course in the **Computer Engineering** program at **Insper**.

## Objective

The project aims to develop a microservice for managing gym members and plans.

For this purpose, a RESTful API was created to manage the registration of gym members and plans, following the CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) model. The API offers the following functionalities:

- Users can manage member registration, including creating, reading, updating, and deleting member information.
- Users can manage plan registration, including creating, reading, updating, and deleting plan information.

## Tools Used

The API uses Python's FastAPI framework.

To integrate it with a database, SQLAlchemy was used, which is an ORM (Object Relational Mapper) for Python. SQLAlchemy allows users to write Python code to manipulate a database without having to write SQL directly. PostgreSQL was chosen as the database for the project.

## Project Features Demonstration Video

[Link: https://youtu.be/gqzUmahmUUI](https://youtu.be/gqzUmahmUUI)

## Entity-Relationship Diagram

![ER Diagram](diagrama_ER.png)
